Bitwarden Backup Code Converter
Convert your Bitwarden JSON exports into clean PDF tables and Canva-ready CSV files with numbered backup codes (1-10).

Repository Status
Security: Client-Side Only
Data: No Upload
Privacy: No Tracking
Open Source: Yes

Features
PDF Export - Clean table format with auto-sizing columns, perfect for printing

CSV Export - Canva-ready format with multi-line backup codes in each cell

Backup Code Detection - Detects all formats: spaced numbers (3126 6674), hyphenated (AAAA-1111), plain numbers, alphanumeric

Folder Mapping - Correctly maps folderId to folder name from the JSON's folders array

Sorted Output - Entries sorted alphabetically by folder name

Clean Text - Automatically removes emojis and strange characters

Print-Ready PDF - Compact layout with page numbers and total code count

Auto-Sizing Columns - Tables adjust to fit long text like email addresses

Security and Privacy
This tool runs entirely in your browser. Here is why it is safe:

No Data Uploads
Everything runs locally. Your JSON file NEVER leaves your computer. There is no server, no upload, and no data transmission.

No Server Communication
No network requests are made. You can verify this by opening your browser's Developer Tools (F12) and going to the Network tab. You will see zero external requests.

Open Source
The complete source code is available for you to inspect:
https://github.com/ac7777/bitwarden-backup-code-converter/blob/main/index.html

The code is not minified or obfuscated. Everything is readable.

No Data Storage
The tool does not:

Save your passwords to disk

Send them anywhere

Store them in cookies or localStorage

Share them with third parties

Self-Contained
Only one HTML file. No dependencies except for jsPDF and jspdf-autotable, which are loaded from CDN.

How to Verify
Open Developer Tools (F12 on Windows/Linux, Cmd+Option+I on Mac)

Click the Network tab

Use the tool - you will see no network requests

Click the Sources tab - you can see all the JavaScript code

How to Run Safely
Download the HTML file from the repository

Disconnect from the internet

Open the file in your browser

The tool works completely offline (after initial CDN load)

For maximum security, download jsPDF and jspdf-autotable locally

Security Checklist
Open source

No external API calls

No data persistence

No analytics or tracking

Runs entirely in your browser

Can be run offline

Questions or Concerns
If you have security concerns, please open an issue on GitHub or contact me on Reddit.

How to Use
1. Export from Bitwarden
Open Bitwarden

Go to Settings -> Export Vault

Choose JSON format

Save the file

2. Use the Converter
Open the HTML file in your browser

Drag and drop or click to upload your JSON file

Click "Convert JSON"

Preview your data

Download as PDF (print-ready table) or CSV (for Canva/Sheets)

3. Import to Canva (for CSV)
Download the CSV file

Open Canva -> Add a Table element

Click "Import data" (top right of the table)

Upload your CSV file

Enable "Wrap Text" to see each backup code on its own line

CSV Format
Column	Description
Folder	The folder name from Bitwarden
Username	The login username
Password	The account password
Backup Codes	All codes numbered 1-10, each on a new line
PDF Format
Clean table with 4 columns

Auto-sizing columns for long text (email addresses, etc.)

Each account on its own row

Backup codes listed vertically

Page numbers and total code count

Technical Details
Pure HTML/CSS/JavaScript - No server required, runs entirely in your browser

No data uploads - Your data stays local, never leaves your computer

jsPDF - Used for PDF generation

jspdf-autotable - For clean table formatting

Example Input
{
"folders": [
{ "id": "folder1", "name": "Gaming" },
{ "id": "folder2", "name": "Social" }
],
"items": [
{
"type": 1,
"folderId": "folder1",
"login": { "username": "ali7", "password": "12345" },
"notes": "1. 3126 6674\n2. 8151 5915"
}
]
}

Example Output (CSV)
Folder,Username,Password,Backup Codes
Gaming,ali7,12345,"1. 3126 6674

8151 5915"
Social,alice123,TwitterPass456,"1. AAAA-1111-BBBB-2222

CCCC-3333-DDDD-4444"

Links
View the source code: https://github.com/ac7777/bitwarden-backup-code-converter

Report an issue: https://github.com/ac7777/bitwarden-backup-code-converter/issues

Star this project: https://github.com/ac7777/bitwarden-backup-code-converter/stargazers

Fork this project: https://github.com/ac7777/bitwarden-backup-code-converter/fork

Contributing
Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

License
MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

Acknowledgments
Built with love by ac7777

Uses jsPDF for PDF generation

Uses jspdf-autotable for table formatting

TL;DR: This is a client-side tool that runs entirely in your browser. Your passwords never leave your computer. You can verify this by checking the Network tab in DevTools.

Questions?
If you have security concerns, please open an issue or contact me on Reddit.

If this tool helped you, please consider giving it a star.
